what's going on every body this is Matt
does fitness and I haven't slept for
five days because that will be a
ridiculously long time to sleep for okay
and today was pinched mr. you saw on the
screen they're giving it away it was
kind of it could have been really good
it was very very close to being awesome
one of those things where it's very very
fine margins it could have been awesome
i could have come out of it like super
pleased but instead because i'm a weirdo
i'm really annoyed with myself and I'm
very very frustrated the plan was five
singles at 137.5 kilos 303 pounds which
was another increase from last week but
the beauty of this session is that
obviously it allows you to put in a kind
of PR attempt as one of the singles
without influence in the session too
much that is the theory anyway so
there's my first rep there did it look
great but to honest it felt really easy
it felt nicest through I'd like I had a
lot more there so instead of being
patient and waiting to the end of the
cycle like a plan I thought I would go
for a big PR right now so I put 140
seven point five kilos which is 325
pounds on the bar we've got a guy to
help me lift it off here because i'm
finding as i'm setting up in my big kind
of arch it's awkward trying to unwrap
the bar and I thought I he has taken out
me so I thought I'd get a guy to squeeze
and they give me a hand lifting off
definitely made it feel much more
comfortable now you're going to see the
rep here it's so agonizingly close I
find this incredibly irritating washing
it back you see there I'm literally
about a centimeter away from completing
that rep when I had it when I started
pushing up I thought what had it in my
head i started my kind of celebration
and then I realized crap I'm stuck and
then I split damn soul I said very very
frustrating on the plus side I haven't
done any kind of theta D load or
anything I'm right in the middle of my
cycle and I think on another day I could
easily get that so I'm already very very
close to my target 330 pounds for the
end of the cycle I still think I'm on
track to get it
like I said I'm very very frustrated
right now I wanted one back the gym and
do it again but I'm not going to do that
I then went back to my initial plan so I
completed three more singles at 303
pounds but you'll see here they were all
a massive struggle partly because I was
annoyed and I was kind of just others
are slated after that Miss also because
mainly to be honest my shoulder didn't
feel great the big PR attempt really
took out my shoulder and you see after
that point every single rep I pretty
much drop the weight on my chest I lost
the ability to lower it down slowly and
at this point this is my free trip here
you see here I did not get it coming a
carbon copy of that PR attempt I was
just kind of fri by this point and but I
mean it's not a disaster it's very
frustrating but if you look at it on the
plus side I was very very close to
absolutely smashing my PR PR is 315
pounds I could have got 320 pretty
company I reckon but I wanted to get 325
because I thought I feel like I'm worth
a bigger job than that but like I said I
didn't quite have it but I say for me
person that's pretty much as close to
getting a rip without getting it as
you're going to get anyway I'm gonna
stop whinging now and move on so I then
did some incline dumbbell chest press
haven't done incline work for a while so
I thought do some I did three sets of
about twelve or so reps it didn't go
very heavy I think these are I can't
remember now possibly for weekly a
dumbbell so that's about 90 pounds or so
um I just I'm influence they fell it
almost like flies i was coming fairly
wide with those are then went on to some
actual flies again on an incline again
trying to inclusive incline work and i
went very light with these I think these
are only these aren't even 20 so I don't
know what this is that I mean that's
gotta be like I'd know 45 pounds or
something very very light more than a
polygraph a few pounds that should be a
very light and I did three sets of eight
again about 12 reps here um but to be
honest the whole time I was doing these
I was just really really annoyed at
myself I'm annoyed at myself because I
think in hindsight and I thought even at
the time I kind of thought I should
probably just stick to my session
I'm very bad at being patient I wanted
to try and just do it now I'm always
wanted to always try to do things now
and not wait but I say it's a lesson
learn i'll probably do it again in the
future but it's just irritating but like
i said nevermind i know is there in the
very close future am I then did some
bent over cable rows back to the wall is
essential when doing this I did three
sets of I think I did quite a lot of
reps I did about 14 or 15 almost sets i
kept misjudging the way I kept feeling
like I was going to be fatiguing so I
put the weight down and it kept being
okay and I had too many rips there as
always of these trying to really kind of
push my chest out and emphasize like
making my elbows meet really trying to
move it's important with flies i find
the same one you do like back stuff you
want to imagine that the the cable the
weight is attached to your upper arm as
opposed to your hand so you try and
eliminate any kind of for arm bicep
tricep whatever engagement just do it
all with your chest look back depending
on what you're trying to hit and I then
finish the session with some cable
tricep extensions i did two sets wide
grip two sets Stanley grip and finish
with two sets narrow grip all about 12
10 reps and that was my session so like
I said very frustrating but also
positive i guess and hope you enjoyed
the video guys please like comment share
subscribe as always and i will see you
tomorrow
you